Assignment 6

Scene Part (30 pts)

(10) Add gorge and bridge in the scene - there is a gorge in the scene.

(10) Add standing areas for knights and guard, and tag the getters as 'KnightArea' and 'GuardArea' respectively - Standing Area’s are present and tagged. Guard on right, knight on left.

(5) The guard area should be in the right side, and knight area is in the left side - again guard on right, knight on left. 

(5) Initialize the guard in the guard area, and no knights in the knight area at the beginning - No knights in Area at the beginning. 

New Methods (50 pts)

(10) Implement approach method with help of 'occupied' property, and tag this method as 'say'
one parameter
move avatar to knight stand area if not occupied, otherwise do nothing, and tag this method 'approach'

-Tagged properly. Method puts the avatar in standing area if it is unoccupied. Otherwise, does nothing. 

(10) Implemnt say method with help of 'knightTurn' property, and tag this method as 'say'
sets text
Only works when the knight stand area is occupied, otherwise do nothing
The guard always gets to speak first
Correctly alternates between guard and knight

-Tagged properly. Say has the guard speak first. Whenever someone approaches. KnightTurn is set to false and say begins with the guard. 

(15) Implement passed method, tag it as 'passed'
No parameter
Only works when the knight stand area is occupied
The knight can pass only when its guard's turn to speak
Passed avatar moves to the right side of the bridge
if a knight passed, make the knight stand area unoccupied

-When a Knight passes, the area becomes unoccupied. Method has all the proper functionality. Avatar moves to the right side of the bridge. Note: The animation for walking is done by the code. The pass just changes occupied to false and the animation walks him away. Will perform move properly later. 

(15) Implement fail method, and tag it as 'failed'
No parameter
Only works when both standing areas are occupied
Decide the correct avartar to fail
Failed avatar (knight) should be moved into the gorge
If the knight fails, then the knight stand area becomes unoccupied

-Works as supposed to. Falls the proper person based on speech. 

Tokens re-implementation (10 pts)

(5) Remove code repetition in both classes and interfaces through inheritance - code was all done with proper inheritance. No multiple implementations and no repeat code. 

(5) Tokens refactored to implement exactly one interface each - All tokens only have one interface. 

Approach Command

(10) Create a command token class for 'approach', and modify your scanner to recognize this command, also remember to tag this class for 'approach'

-Approach has been added to the list of commands and that class was tagged as “approach”. 

Extra Credit

(5) Implement a method to scroll the scene left,right,up and down; tag this method 'scroll' - You can use the scroll method to move the entire scene around. 

(5) Create a class to clear history strings, and tag this class 'ClearableHistory', and tag the clear method as 'clear', use the LIST_PATTERN for this class - Class now has a history that shows all the tokens, not just the ones that are in array. Is clearable. 

(5) Aniamtions: approach, pass, fail - Proper animations for each scenario. 